So now that we have the array of comments, let's render them using a list component.
Let's go to slug.
Let's import list from and.
So let's come down and then remove that.
This is train fire.
And here it's used at least.
To list item layouts and layouts can be horizontal and data source.
So that's going to be.
Comments.
All right.
So we have comment in the states that that's not a source render the render item.
So we want to render.
We want to render.
So we get each item.
It's comment here and we can render them just like using render DV.
You can do that or you can use list item.
This item.
And here.
First, let's give the IED.
Idea key.
I think it should be key.
Key item on the underscore I.D. So here we want to show the comment.
Right.
Actually comments we can use this item matter to render then.
So here let's use title isolated description.
Description that would be item is coming to an item dot.
Content.
So let's have a look.
You can see we have the two comments they already here.
Beautiful.
Let's add a bit of a gap here.
I can even use dear Steve.
Style margin, bottom 50 was in the bottom.
It's a bit of a gap now.
Let's render the comments like this one.
This is the finished product so we can sue the user avatar.
We just pick the first character from the user name.
So we use the avatar there.
So the user's name and then the comment and when it was create the date.
So let's render it like this looks nice.
So here
I am content.
That's a description of title.
Title, we can use the user's name.
So the title we can use.
I don't.
Posted by dog name.
We saw the username.
Beautiful and we want to use the avatar as well.
So it's used that we can use that in the meta avatar so we can use the avatar component.
And since we're not using the actual limits, if in that case we could use SBC, but we just want to
show the the letter, the first name of the user so we can access that using item posted by the name.
And I want to grab the first character only so I can use the name.
If the name is there, then get character and use the character add function and.
We're going to have to do the very question.
Thank you.
So that's the avatar.
Give the name, we get the content and we want to solve the debt now.
So let's have a new avatar.
We don't have to import that.
All right.
That's good.
Get the avatar.
You get the user name comment.
Let's make sure we have.
We should recruit date.
Make this.
For that.
We can use that basis.
It's come down.
So that to go along with the description to description.
Let me put it in the back Dix matrix and use it as a variable item content.
That's the created did.
So again, we use daisies, we give the date.
That is, I don't create that and we use this function from now.
That's what gives us that human readable date.
From now.
That is item two, that from now.
Maybe we need to plug in four.
And so the data is.
It would need the related time period for next Sunday's.
Yes.
We don't have time for that.
It's hundred of them in bold.
That one is.
Related.
Time.
From.
There is this mass blogging class related to.
You'll see this information in the official document decent annual visit to the docs of diseases to
which you have been to.
We have to use.
Using data is to an extent related to.
All right.
So with that, it works.
And we have this beautiful format.
We have the user name avatar content to comment and then the time.
Now we can create and render comments.
Ain't it beautiful?
Now, one more thing we can do here is make this button disabled when if they're trying to submit empty
modify so we can go to comment form button loading.
And disabled, we can seven the button if the content comment equals 70 plus empty.
I guess disabled.
But when I start typing it is not disabled.